Hello everyone. In this topic, we will go through the basics of Python, which are related to statistical analysis of financial data. Before we start this topic, we first need to find out how Python is used in financial industry. Quantitative analysts and engineers of investment banks use a Python to build all kinds of models, to predict returns, and evaluate risks. Engineers use Python to crawl financial news, to dig out user's opinions and sentiments. It is said, this new source of data from social media can greatly help quantitative analysts to improve the performance of the models. Python is not only used in investment bank, it has been widely used even in consumer bank. A lot of data scientists in consumer banks use the Python to view credit risk models. To lower the risk of lending, they can view the customer behavior models. To predict customers behaviors, they can use the Python to build the recommendation models to make a more accurate recommendation of new customers among different departments, which is called "customer migrations". Why is Python good for financial data analysis? Two aspects of Python make it easy for beginners, simplicity and readability. Simplicity means that the grammar of Python is easy to learn. Readability means that the code of Python is easy to understand. We will present this quick tutorial of Python in the following steps, we will first introduce major packages which will be used in this course. Next, we will show how to read a stock data from data files using DataFrame. Then, we'll use this data to explore basic methods and attributes of DataFrame. In practice, it is always necessary to generate and transform original variables into other forms. For example, we need get stock return from stock price. Therefore, in the next step, we will present how to generate new variables from our original variables. Finally, we will present more advanced workflow using DataFrame to implement a trend following strategy of stock trading. We expect that, you are able to visualize and play stock data to implement any of your fantastic ideas after the first topic.